# LF with single-threaded static schedule  on Patmos processor
To use LF on Patmos processor, we currently need to add a Makefile along with some other lf_patmos_support files into `src-gen` folder. For make this procedure easier and on-click, another Makefile that is beside this README.md file can be used, which have everything we need to use single-thread static-scheuduled LF on top of Patmos.

# Check out to the right branch
In order to use the branch of Lingua Franca that uses static schedule in single threaded mode you need to execute the following command: 

`git clone https://github.com/lf-lang/lingua-franca.git`
`cd lingua-franca`
`git checkout static-schedule-single-thread`

After checking out to the `static-schedule-single-thread` branch, you need to go to `test\C` directory to use above-mentioned Makefile:

`cd test\C`

If you want to execute ScheduleTest.lf, for example, located in `test/C/static` directory, you should put the name of this lf file (ScheduleTest) to the APP variable by executing the following make command:

`make APP=ScheduleTest`

By executing the above command, the target code in the C language is genereted and the result is compiled using patmos compiler. Finaly the result elf file will be simulated by pasim.

You can also use other targets of the make command that follows: 

`gen`: This target generates target C code using lfc-dev command.

`copy`: This target copies necessary file, like lf_patmos_support and Makefile to the correct directories inside `src-gen` folder.

`comp`: This target compiles generated code using Patmos C compile based on the Makefile that should get copied beforehand to the `src-gen` directory using `copy` target.

`lin`: This target just executes the bin file generated by default by LF.

`sim`: This target simulates the elf generated file using pasim

`clean`: This target deletes compiled files (object files and elf file)

`del`: This target deletes all generated target code (`src-gen`, `include`, and `bin` folders)

`wcet`: This target analyzes the elf file using Platin